Title: 
USA and Europe Parties - Global Warming


Introduciton
We are going to discuss USA and Europe Parties Positions
on Climate Change by discussing their past actions future
plans and view of the problem.


our main focus would be America as there is a lot to be said.

USA:
USA constists of 2 main parties
the democratic party and the republican party


in order to understand their postion it might be better to
look at what their saying in conjecture to their past actions
words != actions

Democrats:
Past Action
lets start with the democratic party
as we can see here are list bills that relates directly to climate
change.
go over quickly or more (need to practice presensting)

as we can see the democratic party has supprted and followed
the scintific conessus, some would say they havent done enough
but its importent to note that for a lot of the bills and regulation
some republican approval must be met.

are they really with the scintific conessus today ?
will they try to remove temprature for at least 1.5 degrees

the answer is yes.
lets look at their future plans.
future: lets biden - kamala 
they want to ....


Republicans:
Past Action
Beside support for democratic bills ....
Republicans have only tax incenctive ...
at 2005 and renewed said incenctives at 2015 with ...

Future: None,
As it can be viewed republicans dont really care about climate change
or more correctly don't really belive the projections made for the future
in order to understand it better we can view a small clip of Micheal Knowels
in regards to climate change
Micheal Knowels is a republican politcal commnetator and a best book seller 
(In 2017, he wrote the #1 national bestselling treatise Reasons To Vote For Democrats: 
A Comprehensive Guide, which President Donald Trump hailed as “a great book for your reading enjoyments)
a satire book which hold 266 empty pages, which explain how donlad trump read it.
he also tours around the countries giving lectures mainly at colleges and universities.

show clip.

refute claim of Knowels.
Micheal Knowels right about preditions wrong, but he lacks
to explain that its not the direction they are wrong but the measurement
as we see although the predicition wasn't accurate it was in the right direction
and as times goes our models predictions become much more accurate and would continue too.


Europe
Same shit.






